Hey Food Tube, it's DJ BBQ and the sun is
shining.
It means the grill is out, good timing right.
One of you cats commented on our videos and
wanted a spicy burger.
Jessie Maldonado from South Carolina you asked
and you shall receive!
We're going to do a beautiful spicy burger
with chilli, blue cheese, bacon, tomatoes
all from scratch!
You ready?
Here we go.
For our spicy burger we're going to use a
scotch bonnet chilli.
Finely chop this bad boy up because you want
small bits of that into the meat and add all
this chilli into a kilo of mixed beef and
now we're going to add a teaspoon of mustard
powder into this and then add salt and pepper.
So now I'm just going to work it all in but
not too hard.
I don't want to break all that fat down I
want a nice juicy burger.
So a couple more of these.
Oh man this has a lot of chillies in!
That's a perfect sized burger it's going o
be so juicy when pulled off the BBQ.
And the angels sing!
Ah.
It's time now for some red neck science.
Our coals are white hot; I want a really hot
heat for our burgers.
SO I've created a kind of a ramp, it goes
less and less in heat so it's indirect.
This is in case I get any flare ups from the
meat I can move my meat over there.
Or if you get any big flare up you can just
take the lid, throw it back on your bbq and
the lack of air just melts it all down dude.
Now we're going to start with the streaky
bacon.
Oh man, that's hot.
See that happening?
They're the flare ups.
There are lots of fat on this stuff.
I don't want to burn my bacon I just want
it to crisp up.
Let's get our burgers going.
She looks big doesn't she?
Looking good!
I want a bit of wood smoke flavouring going
into our meat, so I've got some apple wood
chunks and some cherry.
I'm going to get them in there into the coals.
It's just going to add another layer of flavour.
I love the taste of wood smoke on my meat.
It's time to flip the burger man, I'll get
this right.
See that?
That's caramelised flavour man, chargrilled
burgers!
My bacon is nice and crispy so it's going
to come off and pat it dry.
The burgers are getting nice heat there.
I'm going to calm them down and bring them
over the indirect side.
Make sure they cook in the inside a bit more.
So I need the bacon ready and some blue cheese.
We need each burger a couple of strips of
bacon, okay now we're going to crumble on
our blue cheese.
We have a really really hot heat.
SO I'm going to do a quick toast of the buns.
Seriously I'm talking 10 seconds.
See what happened?
15seconds.
we've got to work fast here.
And now the magic happens.
Burgers go on the buns.
A nice tomato on top to go with that creamy
blue cheese.
Look at that!
How good does that look!
Oh!
And there you have it, our spicy burgers and
blue cheese and burger.
And now it's time to set my mouth on fire!
Oh my god.
Mmmm.
That's' a spicy but tasty burger.
That's a good burger.
Thank you so much for watching.
Please tell us.
What do you put in your burgers?
What do you put on top of your burgers?
I'm DJ BBQ, we're Food Tube make sure you
subscribe man!